product_description: 343 WAXIE-Green Restroom Cleaner
waxie_item_number: 1030120
slug: 1030120
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/1030120.jpg
category: 300
waxie_green: True
versa_compatible: True
certifications: UL 2759, CACC
ppe: safety glasses, apron, gloves, face shield

## Description
Environmentally preferred, biobased, highly concentrated solution that leaves restrooms and toilet bowl areas fresh and clean. It is environmentally safe and worker friendly and a very economical product to replace traditional corrosive bathroom cleaners.

## Directions for Use
Select appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill. Floors: Sweep, dust mop or vacuum floors to remove loose dirt prior to cleaning. Use an autoscrubber or swing machine with light cleaning (blue or green) pads, machine brushes, or WAXIE Fast Glide Mop- ping System for daily restroom floor cleaning. Apply solution to floor. Allow dwell time. Agitate and pick up soiled solution. It may be necessary depending on soil load to double scrub the surface. Rinse surface thoroughly after cleaning. Use unheated tap water. Hard Surface: For surfaces other than floors, apply with a WAXIE red or green microfiber cleaning cloth, bottle with course or foam-type trigger sprayer. Agitate and/or wipe clean as needed. For cleaning and deodorizing toilet bowls apply to exposed surfaces including under the rim. Agitate thor- oughly with brush, swab, sponge or red or green microfiber. Allow to soak for a few minutes then flush. No rinsing is required. Use unheated tap water. Acid formula removes all bathroom soils including hard-water mineral deposits, rust stains, water spots and soap scum.

**NOTE**: Do not use on all natural marble, granite, and other natural stones, aluminum or brass surfaces. It is safe to use on most stainless steel, chrome, ceramic tiles and hard surfaces.

