product_description: 300 WAXIE-Green Nonacid Bathroom Cleaner
waxie_item_number: 1030400
slug: 1030400
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/1030400.jpg
category: 300
versa_compatible: True
waxie_green: True
certifications: UL 2759
ppe: safety glasses, gloves

## Description
Removes soap scum and mineral deposits. Safe on fiberglass. Leaves all chrome, porcelain and tile bright and shiny. Removes all bathroom soils including hardened formations of hard-water mineral deposits, rust stains, water spots and soap scum, all with no acid.

## Directions for Use
Select appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill.

**Floors:** Sweep, dust mop or vacuum floors to remove loose dirt prior to cleaning. Use an auto- scrubber or swing machine with light cleaning (blue or green) pads, machine brushes, or WAXIE Fast Glide Mopping System for daily restroom floor cleaning. Apply solution to floor. Allow dwell time. Agitate and pick up soiled solution. It may be necessary depending on soil load to double scrub the surface. Rinse surface thoroughly after cleaning. Use unheated tap water.

**Hard Surface:** For surfaces other than floors, apply with a WAXIE red or green microfiber cleaning cloth, bottle with course or foam-type trigger sprayer. Agitate and/or wipe clean as needed. For cleaning and deodorizing toilet bowls apply to exposed surfaces including under the rim. Agitate thoroughly with brush, swab, sponge or red or green microfiber. Allow to soak for a few minutes then flush. No rinsing is required. Use unheated tap water.

Nonacid formula removes all bathroom soils including hard-water mineral deposits, rust stains, water spots and soap scum.
