product_description: 330 WAXIE-GREEN SOLSTA FRESH MIST LIQUID MICROBES
waxie_item_number: 160115
slug: 160115
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/160115.jpg
category: 300
versa_compatible: True
waxie_green: True
ppe: safety glasses, wet floor sign, gloves

## Description
ECOLOGO CCD-110/UL 2792 Certified CACC Certified A high performance odor control, degreasing cleaning solution. Contains useful microorganisms that digest and penetrate dirt buildup, grease and grime. Product attacks malodors at their source. It is a concentrated, biodegradable, non-hazardous, liquid that can be used on a variety of surfaces, such as carpets, pet stains, trash bins, garbage containers, urinals and floor surfaces not harmed by water. Product can be applied by mop, brush, or spray mist out of a secondary bottle. Dilution ratio: 1:64. Each bottle makes 52 gallons; each case makes 206 gallons. 4x3L per case.

## Directions for Use
Select appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill.

Surface with heavily soiled debris or buildup should first be cleaned prior to application. Shake well before using. Do not reuse old material. Diluted shelf life is two hours. A con- tact time of 30-40 minutes with the odor causing area is recommended for best results, based on the age and concentration of the soiled area. Use red or pink microfiber cloth for application of product.
**Carpets:** Always test for colorfastness. Coverage is 1 gallon per hundred square feet. Allow product to thoroughly soak through.
**Garbage Containers/Trash Bins:** Spray over the entire surface and around the containers.
**Drains:** Pour solution into drain at the lowest possible flow time.
