product_description: 320 WAXIE SOLSTA DISINFECTANT CLEANER
waxie_item_number: 170200
slug: 170200
category: 300
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/170200.jpg
versa_compatible: True
ppe: safety glasses, apron, gloves, face shield

## Description
Disinfectant, cleaner and deodorant with pleasant mint scent. Effective against a wide variety of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. In use dilution, it is noncorrosive and non-staining to plastic, vinyl, synthetics, enamel, tile and most common metals. Pleasant mint fragrance. EPA registration #1839-168-14994. Four 3-liter bottles per case.

## Directions for Use
Select appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill.
**Floors:** Sweep, dust mop or vacuum floors to remove loose dirt prior to cleaning. Use an autoscrubber or swing machine with light cleaning (blue or green) pads, machine brushes, or WAXIE Fast Glide Mopping System for daily restroom floor cleaning. Apply solution to floor. Allow treated surface to remain wet for 10 minutes. Agitate and pick up soiled solution. It may be necessary depending on soil load to double scrub the surface. Rinse surface thoroughly after cleaning. Use unheated tap water. 

**Hard Surface:** For surfaces other than floors, apply with a WAXIE red or green microfiber cleaning cloth, bottle with course or foam-type trigger sprayer. Allow treated surface to remain wet for 10 minutes. For cleaning and deodorizing toilet bowls apply to exposed surfaces including under the rim. Agitate thoroughly with brush, swab, sponge or red or green microfiber. Allow to soak for a few minutes then flush. Use unheated tap water. Mint scented.

Hospital grade neutral pH nonacid disinfectant formula removes all bathroom soils including hard-water mineral deposits, rust stains, water spots and soap scum.
