product_description: 710 Multi-Purpose Disinfectant Cleaner
waxie_item_number: 170401
slug: 170401
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/170401.jpg
category: 700
certifications: CACC
ppe: safety glasses, gloves, apron, face shield

## Description
Effective against a broad spectrum of bacteria (including CA-MRSA, MRSA, Staphylococcus aureus, VISA, and VRE), is virucidal (including HIV-1, HBV, HCV, and Pandemic 2009 H1N1 Influenza A virus), fungicidal, and inhibits the growth of mold and mildew and their odors.

## Directions for Use
Select appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill.

**Floors:** Sweep, dust mop or vacuum floors to remove loose dirt prior to cleaning. Use an autoscrubber or swing machine with light cleaning (blue or green) pads, machine brushes, or WAXIE Fast Glide Mopping System for daily floor cleaning. Apply solution to floor. Allow treated surface to remain wet for 10 minutes. Agitate and pick up soiled solution. It may be necessary depending on soil load to double scrub the surface. Won’t dull or blush waxed floors. Let air dry. No potable rinse required. Use unheated tap water. 

**Hard Surface:** For disinfecting inanimate, hard non-porous surfaces apply solution with a mop, WAXIE red or green microfiber cleaning cloth, sponge, hand pump trigger sprayer or low pressure course sprayer so as to wet all surfaces thoroughly. Allow treated surface to remain wet for 10 minutes. Let air dry. No potable rinse required. Use unheated tap water. For cleaning and deodorizing toilet bowls apply to exposed surfaces including under the rim. Agitate thoroughly with brush, swab, sponge or red or green microfiber. Allow to soak for a few minutes then flush. Use unheated tap water. Herbal scented. Prepare a fresh solution daily or more frequently as soil is apparent.
