product_description: 315 Foaming Acid Disinfectant Cleaner
waxie_item_number: 170500
slug: 170500
image: https://shop.waxie.com/Attachments/attachments/images/medium/170500.jpg
category: 300
versa_compatible: True
ppe: safety glasses, apron, gloves, face shield

## Description
This product penetrates and dissolves soap scum, ground-in dirt and grime, mineral deposits, hard-water stains, and kills household germs. Cleans and shines without abrasive scouring action. Deodorizes too! Leaves your bathroom smelling minty fresh.

## Directions for Use
elect appropriate dispensing mode, bottle or bucket fill, press button and fill.
**Floors:** Sweep, dust mop or vacuum floors to remove loose dirt prior to cleaning. Use an auto- scrubber or swing machine with light cleaning (blue or green) pads, machine brushes, or WAXIE Fast Glide Mopping System for daily restroom floor and shower cleaning. Apply solution to floor or wall. Allow dwell time. Agitate and pick up soiled solution. It may be necessary depending on soil load to double scrub the surface. Rinse surface thoroughly after cleaning. Use unheated tap water.

**Hard Surface:** For surfaces other than floors, apply with a WAXIE red or green microfiber clean- ing cloth, bottle with course or foam-type trigger sprayer. Allow treated surface to remain wet for 10 minutes. Agitate and wipe clean. Rinse thoroughly. For cleaning and deodorizing toilet bowls apply to exposed surfaces including under the rim. Agitate thoroughly with brush, swab, sponge or red or green microfiber. Allow to soak for a few minutes then flush. Use unheated tap water.
